docs/design.md, before:

# Design

## User Interface design
TODO: Specify and develop a user interface mockup using a wireframe.

User Interface Design
The user interface is specifically designed to be easily navigated and compatibale with all users regardless of technological experience. The application helps users navigate to find car parks in the city of Bristol, using a map and features such as a live count to show available spaces in car parks and interactive maps to help navigate around areas to find the location of the car park. 

Design Considerations
- End users can search for local car parks by location, Car Park name, prices or spaces available in a car park
- Results of searches are shown on an interactive map with pinpoint markers to show futher details such as spaces that are available, payment methods and opening hours.
- The interface is fully responsive and it adapts to different screen sizes to ensure usability across different devices.
- using high contrast colours and readable font sizes.
- Minimal Interface to reduce clutter ensuring its easy to use while driving.
- Save favourite car parks for quicker access
- Payment Options and Peak time indicators to help avoid busy periods.


Wireframe
https://whimsical.com/map-442xFzuVBRbKH3K29SH9Lg

Wireframe Explained

Wireframe 1 - Search and Results 
The first wireframe is the starting point of the car park finder web application. Users can search for car parks by name or area while also being able to use filters to filter and narrow down outcomes. Also, on the top of the wireframe helps users perform a text-based speech to enter names of car parks or a specific location such as "Bristol" to help find a local place to park. The filters function on the left support users who want to limit findings on things such as car park type which quickly helps to remove unwanted options. The actual main areaa shown on the wireframe starts of empty but has information to help users navigate and take action. View all results button make sure that users can still see options if they are not sure on which filters to use and what they do. 

Wireframe 2 - Car Park Finder : Results(List View)
The second wireframe shows the result of the users search and is presented in a structured list format which is mosr suitable for assessing different car parks at once. The consistent search bar and filters allow users to adjust their results without having to go back to the previous screen, aiding an effective and seamless experience. Each car park entry gives key information such as distance, availability and open status giving users rapid entry providing an option that suits their needs. The sorting options such as sorting by nearest location, which helps strategic judgement for users who put nearest parking first. 

Wireframe 3 – Car Park Finder : Map View
The third wireframe gives a more visual and location centered way of finding available car parks. The mao view is very useful for users who are using maps to browse in real time and want to view how car parks are placed globally. - continue from pins on the map... 





















TODO: repeat as necessary

Commit message:

Revise wireframe descriptions in design.md
Updated descriptions for wireframes in the Car Park Finder design document, including improvements to clarity and detail.

docs/design.md, after:

# Design

## User Interface design
TODO: Specify and develop a user interface mockup using a wireframe.

User Interface Design
The user interface is specifically designed to be easily navigated and compatibale with all users regardless of technological experience. The application helps users navigate to find car parks in the city of Bristol, using a map and features such as a live count to show available spaces in car parks and interactive maps to help navigate around areas to find the location of the car park. 

Design Considerations
- End users can search for local car parks by location, Car Park name, prices or spaces available in a car park
- Results of searches are shown on an interactive map with pinpoint markers to show futher details such as spaces that are available, payment methods and opening hours.
- The interface is fully responsive and it adapts to different screen sizes to ensure usability across different devices.
- using high contrast colours and readable font sizes.
- Minimal Interface to reduce clutter ensuring its easy to use while driving.
- Save favourite car parks for quicker access
- Payment Options and Peak time indicators to help avoid busy periods.


Wireframe
https://whimsical.com/map-442xFzuVBRbKH3K29SH9Lg

Wireframe Explained

Wireframe 1 - Search and Results 
The first wireframe is the starting point of the car park finder web application. Users can search for car parks by name or area while also being able to use filters to filter and narrow down outcomes. Also, on the top of the wireframe helps users perform a text-based speech to enter names of car parks or a specific location such as "Bristol" to help find a local place to park. The filters function on the left support users who want to limit findings on things such as car park type which quickly helps to remove unwanted options. The actual main areaa shown on the wireframe starts of empty but has information to help users navigate and take action. View all results button make sure that users can still see options if they are not sure on which filters to use and what they do. 

Wireframe 2 - Car Park Finder : Results(List View)
The second wireframe shows the result of the users search and is presented in a structured list format which is mosr suitable for assessing different car parks at once. The consistent search bar and filters allow users to adjust their results without having to go back to the previous screen, aiding an effective and seamless experience. Each car park entry gives key information such as distance, availability and open status giving users rapid entry providing an option that suits their needs. The sorting options such as sorting by nearest location, which helps strategic judgement for users who put nearest parking first. 

Wireframe 3 – Car Park Finder : Map View
The third wireframe gives a more visual and location centered way of finding available car parks. The map view is very useful for users who are using maps to browse in real time and want to view how car parks are placed around the local area. Also, with the map, the addition of pins are helpful for user as they show carparks precise location. When the user chooses a pin, a summary of that chosen csr park appears giving the user effective information without being redirected to another page. At the top of this wireframe there is two option of list view and map view giving users different option of how they can see information is presented. 

Wireframe 4 - Car Park Finder - Car Park Details
This wireframe is entirely dedicated to showing the user all the correct and needed information once they reach the decision for a final parking spot. As you can see the layout is 
 





















TODO: repeat as necessary
